Remove 'hosted and managed' in codebase definition (#653)
publiccodenet/about: glossary/codebase-definition.md

This can be in the form of – for example – a document or a version-control repository.

> Codebases of the [products stewarded by the Foundation for Public Code](../activities/codebase-stewardship/index.md) are supported by the Foundation for Public Code in organization, governance, infrastructure and whatever it needs to scale.

Reviewer: Subject-verb agreement change:
```suggestion
Codebases of the [products stewarded by the Foundation for Public Code](../activities/codebase-stewardship/index.md) are supported by the Foundation for Public Code in organization, governance, infrastructure and whatever they need to scale.
```
